you like the parkour camilo with the bikes
of the trial and such
Well, because this, this first thing
what he does and that's the first thing he does
these places over there at night what
put I do not I have not thought well I
it seems to me I have put current time but
well nothing happens it looks good
Camilo
it looks good not christian and good I would
you will say no
my mother's
and what do I fall
go up go up go up go up with
watch out
in the curve besides that they are these
strings but I shit on bull I fall on
bull of carmen is that I think I 'm going
to see sunrise up
words and so I shit on everything that is
wags
what does uncle say these trials is crazy
over here that take the road
yes for the truth but if I just
Honey, just hear and I 've put a little
Hahaha
I am here on a quiet road
here
good do not fall down not calm
quiet
tranquilito do not fall to the water
now it goes up here is now yes sir
Camilo leaves you in the third position
but what are you doing I just ate a
roller
so it's all through - let
the water almost almost almost almost right
I wanted to crash into classmates
Well I shit on everything I hit again
uncle I'm going to get wet again
path
and when you get wet you fall
worth rings
what's up raging uncle
only that it's costing me to get to
there tyrannical tranquilito and it hits me in
plans
he came calmly and tells me what happens
rabid
the road wait like her
we go your days back
go Go
the goal is in a very hidden place
in the laces where is
take it first
first yes sir my mother what anguish
second third is a pretty career
difficult I will leave the description for
that if you want to play it is a true
challenge and tell me see in the comments to
see what position you give so nothing
more guys I hope you liked it
as always there are no favorites and 92 in the
next video a greeting and even the
next
they